Projekt City is an unfunded, free, massive and unique Minecraft project. We have the mission to create a Minecraft world that is easy to understand for everyone and completely free to play. 
On this world called "Projekt City" we are building a large Minecraft map with a city, an airport, a hotel and much more, paying a lot of attention to small details, accurate and flawless work. We implement this through complicated redstone constructions and commands, for example, to offer our players an even more enjoyable and better gaming experience. 
The map of Projekt City has a width of 1086 meters and a length of 1159 meters and a total area of 1,258,674 square meters*, making it an extremely large Minecraft project!
Our current focus is on the airport and the hotel, as they require a lot of effort and take up a very large part of the map. 
All versions after 4.1 are in English² and will remain in English as long as we have not finished the project, as it is too much effort to add other languages. We will try to add other languages like German, French and Italian after the project is finished to make our world easier to understand for even more players!
To give players more and more detailed information, we have created a website where you can find all important information and ask us questions. We try to fulfill every wish of our players and supporters as professionally and quickly as possible and to create a bug-free world. Therefore we ask you to report bugs and errors in our Discord server or our Forum to us. We are always trying to become more professional, more accurate and better and are constantly expanding and improving our building, redstone and command skills!
